Update source-freshness.md (#5149)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/source-freshness.md

## Further reading

> For more on exposing links to the latest documentation and sharing source freshness reports to your team, see [Building and configuring artifacts](REPLACE_THIS_LINK_TO_A_GOOD_ONE_NOT_THE_SAME_THAT_THIS_WEBSITE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Artifacts](/docs/deploy/artifacts) for more info on how to create dbt Cloud artifacts, share links to the latest documentation, and share source freshness reports with your team.
```
